Madam.
There’s a reason for what happened today.
And it’s my fault.
Please investigate it.
You mean
we should bury you alive?
As long as you are willing,
Tie him up.
Guards!
Wait.
Can you meet my brother before you tie me up?
Let's go back.
Brigade Commander is in danger.
I'm not afraid to tell you.
Your Brigade Commander has asked us to tie you up.
We can tie you up.
Don't shoot.
Keep your life
to collect your Brigade Commander's body.
Listen.
If something happens to Brigade Commander,
if something happens to Brigade Commander.
Try it.
Why are you here?
I'm afraid something might happen to you.
Besides,
I'm also responsible for this.
Wu Zhen.
Are you a Communist Party?
Yes.
You came here
to make me a commie.
You're right.
But the person opposite you
won't agree.
I know.
You haven't submitted your pledge, have you?
If you kill him,
you’ll still be my son-in-law.
I told you
I'll give the pledge to the Japanese.
He’s not Japanese.
Everyone says the leader of Qinglong Camp
is well-educated.
But in my opinion,
he is also unreasonable.
Unreasonable.
Unreasonable?
I married my daughter to you.
It's unreasonable.
I helped you get rid of the traitor.
How can I be reasonable?
Madam.
It’s my fault
It's all my fault.
There's no need to hurt outsiders.
Injury?
I haven't treated you as my family.
If I didn't help him get rid of the traitor,
my daughter wouldn't have been hurt so badly.
He deserves to die too.
I knew it.
Bandits are bandits.
You call yourself a swordsman.
It's not too late for you to know now.
But I have to remind you.
If you kill both of us today,
you'll be the enemy of the country.
Are you trying to scare me?
You're so smart, Major.
A little trick.
Let these Chinese only kill each other
so that we can have a chance to observe here.
So we must defeat them
before they join hands.
Otherwise, once they join forces,
it'll be difficult.
Don't worry, Major.
When they fix the airport for us,
the army's plane lands here,
we can go west
and attack Xi'an.
I've been working with the National Party for many years.
They are easy to deal with.
But the unimportant Communist Party
is the hardest to deal with.
Are you worried about the Communist Party?
Yu Xidao.
Whether you join forces with the army or the army,
it will be a great threat
to the Japanese army.
So every place in the airport
in every airport.
Once you attack,
don't damage the sword.
Okay.
Major.
I've got contact with Agent No. 1.
Good.
With this,
it'll be easier to implement our plan.
Miss, you'll be fine
she'll be fine.
You may leave now.
Okay.
Go ahead.
Wu Zhen is back, you know?
Brigade Commander is here too.
Madam asked them to fight.
Half an hour.
Sister, I know.
Wu Zhen must have hurt you.
That's why Madam is so angry.
But I can see that
you must like him.
Do you really want him to die?
Sister.
Mother.
Eagle, I've heard about
about you and Wu Zhen.
What are you thinking?
Eagle, it all depends on you
depends on you.
Kid,
When they are together,
It's a misunderstanding.
are inevitable.
Think carefully.
Wu Zhen isn't injured today. He's not dead.
If you don’t care,
Madam,
to feel sorry for him?
Stop!
Let them go.
Eagle.
Didn't you say you don't want to see them anymore?
Kill them and everything will be over.
You said you won’t kill the Japanese.
Deal with it yourself.
Why are you still poking like a piece of wood?
Let's go.
Hurry up!
Why are you still here?
Let's go.
Why are you standing here?
Go.
Does your wound still hurt?
Eagle.
Did you hear
my conversation with Choi Moon-Kui?
Now I understand
why my father told me
marriage is not a child's play.
But luckily,
everything is fake.
Eagle.
I'm sorry.
You must have heard
my conversation with Choi Moon-Kui.
And those words hurt your heart.
Do you think I came here with a mission?
You think I came here to use you?
Aren't you?
At first,
I didn't want to be with you.
As you said,
marriage is not a joke.
Besides, I'm here with a mission.
I don't want you to misunderstand.
I'm with you
just to fight together.
But at that time,
there was no other way.
Tell me the truth.
From beginning to end,
Are you lying to me?
I've never lied to you.
nor did I want to lie to you.
Seeing you get hurt,
when I saw you get hurt.
I couldn't protect you.
how guilty I am?
Eagle.
Please trust me.
Do you remember we killed Zhou Zhongxiao together
to deal with Golden tooth.
When I saw you being caught by Mr. He,
I...
I'm really scared.
I'm scared.
I'm afraid I'll never see you again.
My mother passed away
my mother passed away.
At 14,
My father died.
and lost my home.
I was alone
wandering around.
and became an orphan.
Then I joined the Chinese Communist Party
and became a warrior.
in the rain of bullets.
I admit that my mind is full of missions.
I'm a passionate man.
I can't watch the Japanese
on our land.
I want to kick them out.
But I know
how could I not know?
It's all in my heart.
I've never lied to you.
Eagle.
Trust me.
Choi Mun-Kui is now a suspect.
Chief.
According to the multiple electronic analysis we intercepted,
the enemy's target is in Shanzhou and the airport.
They're risking their lives.
The first war zone is always Japanese.
The place with the most garrisons.
Shanzhou is located at the corridor.
After we lost Luoyang,
there will be enemies on both sides.
Sir, a call from the superior.
Chae Jin, wait.
Go to Shaanxi.
Shanzhou? Yes.
Your mission
is to observe the military officer there.
to see if they
according to Mr. Jiang’s plan.
Second, find the Japanese hiding there.
Understood.
You're a military journalist from the Japanese Daily.
Code name is Secret Flower.
Come in.
Madam.
Since I have nothing to do here,
I'll take my leave.
Brigade Commander Cui.
Why don't you sit down and talk?
What else to talk about?
Let's talk about
you planted nails beside me.
I'm at my thirties of the army.
I dare not
with you.
I believe it.
I should say the army put it next to me.
Am I right?
I didn't expect
I, the West Blade, would be in your favor.
It’s my honor.
Indeed.
You have 100,000 men.
There's a man! A horse!
There's a knife and a gun.
No matter where it is,
as a government,
I should be careful.
But this time, we'll work together.
I should thank you for
I should thank you.
No need.
I'm afraid you won't understand the situation.
and you’ll be in trouble.
I don’t quite understand
I don’t understand.
I don't know
Did I offend you?
You know that Mr. He and Li Gang are harming each other.
and there are more
in secret.
But you can tolerate them
to continue doing evil under your nose.
It's not that the army doesn't know manners,
but benevolence.
You have a point.
But now the country is in trouble,
I have no choice.
As long as he can fight the Japanese,
I have to keep him.
I feel the same for the swordsman.
We have our own rules.
We will fight against the Japanese.
If it were you,
the National Government is still the same.
I won't tell right from wrong.
I'll open the government office of swordsmen
to do something you don’t understand.
Thank you, Madam.
See you.
See the guest out.
Boss.
I brought three walks back from the east.
Any news from the Japanese?
They didn't make any sound.
But there was someone suspicious on the way.
sneaking around.
What do you mean?
They don't sound like locals.
But they're heading towards Shaanxi.
Where are they?
Airport.
Looks like the war is coming.
Sun Jiuyuan and Wei Chase
are honest?
Ever since Big Gold tooth died,
other than walking the mountain every day,
no one else is doing anything.
Go to Black Tiger Mountain and inform Wu Laoliu.
Ask him to gather 12 teams to walk and fight.
Ten people in each team.
We're all clear and clear.
patrol around Shaanxi.
If you meet those suspicious people,
catch them first.
Yes, Madam.
Stop!
He's dead.
Let's go.
I never thought
is a military commander.
Officer Yang from Henan Station.
Before I came to you,
before I came to you.
As long as you do as the task says,
I'll cooperate with you.
If you don't do as the mission says,
I have the right to remind you what to do.
Then you should remind me
what I should do.
I thought the Communist Party surnamed Wu
was for fishing.
But I didn't expect
you really didn't want to kill him.
Also,
you know that Wu Zhen
was sent by the Communist Party
to fight the war.
As for Mr. Wu,
has been detained by us. He's not a threat.
It's understandable that you don't kill him.
But Wu Zhen...
How do you want to explain it?
Do I need to explain to you?
You know our attitude.
This is China.
Japanese won't win people's hearts.
They will leave sooner or later.
Our biggest enemy
is probably these bandits.
You're raising a tiger.
You're a military officer at the age of 30.
The higher-ups are really far-sighted.
Brigade Commander Cui.
Since you came to Shanzhou,
you didn't report the military's intelligence.
You forced Captain Li of the security team to rebel.
He is still missing.
I don't know what I should tell him
how should I tell him?
Think about it.
Don't embarrass everyone.
Brigade Commander.
I didn't expect him to be a commander.
The commander is everywhere.
When I see his arrogance,
I get angry.
How about
I'll get someone to kill him.
I also want to.
But do you know why he is so arrogant?
Why?
Kill him without anyone knowing.
Whatever.
Can you use your brain?
Do you think the commander will only
by our side?
Those bastards.
Brigade Commander Cui.
Something serious happened again.
I took my family home this morning.
I passed by the airport
I saw a group of swordsmen killing merchants.
I knew it in the past.
They only kill rich people from afar.
They let them go after paying.
But today,
Not only did the rabbit eat the grass by the nest,
but also killed people.
If they don't kill, right?
I'll just turn a blind eye.
But killing someone under my nose
I can't ignore this.
Brigade Commander Cui, please take some men
to deal with these bastards
so that they can control themselves.
In that case,
I'll go there myself.
I'm relieved to hear that.
Please.
Brigade Commander.
I've been here for so long.
The local people said
the swordsmen never rob them.
How could it be?
If the swordsman wanted to kill the trader,
why would he let him go?
Yes.
But what is Mr. He
is he up to?
Since he said so, give him face.
Let's go and see
what kind of deities are on the way.
Let's go.
If they want to blow up the airport,
I can go from here.
Be careful.
Slow down.
Father.
Madam.
Eagle.
Why are you up?
Have a seat.
Sit down.
Father.
There's something I don't understand.
I want to ask you.
Golden tooth is dead.
But I saw my men
are still wiping guns and sharpening knives.
Why?
Is it you or him?
Madam.
It’s my question.
I knew it.
When did my daughter become so thoughtful?
Your name is Jennifer Cai.
I told my father.
Yes.
Have a seat.
Why did you give me such a name?
My mother passed away after giving birth to me.
When I was born,
my mother ignored my father's objection
and insisted on giving birth to me,
to save my life.
My father named me Yun.
Then you and Cui Wenkui...
have known each other for a long time.
Are you convinced?
No.
No!
Wen Pei, give me the rope. Hurry.
I'll teach you a lesson today.
Here.
Do you admit defeat?
You're cheating.
I'm not cheating.
This round doesn't count. Let's do it again.
Let's do it again.
Are you stupid? Do what again?
If you win, you win.
Tie him up.
Stop!
Move!
Young Master.
Did he hurt you?
I'm fine.
It's okay. It's okay. It's okay.
Besides,
he's two years older than your daughter.
If he loses, he should be punished.
Dad, he cheated.
I didn't.
Shut up.
Bao didn't cheat. I can testify.
Candied haws!
Go.
Let's play later.
We won two. We can't eat if we lose.
Okay, it's settled.
You don't know who will win.
Those three are mine.
Speaking of which,
you two are friends for generations.
It's more like a grudge.
My father was killed by his father.
Why?
My father is a Communist Party.
His father is a Korean Republican Party.
When you were in the command center,
both of you
are true.
Can you bear
Can you really bear it?
After all, my father wasn't killed by Cui Wenkui.
And his sister saved my life.
He has a sister.
Yes.
His name is Choi Moon-bae.
But...
I haven't heard from her for a long time.
Are you going to
the revenge of your father?
My father said
if a person doesn't hold a grudge,
he won't remember the kindness.
Now the country is in trouble.
we can only put our hatred aside for now.
The country and the people have arrived.
and the people.
the most important thing
is to drive the Japanese
out of China.
Well said.
I want you to do something.
Go ahead.
Go.
to Black Tiger Mountain.
Brigade Commander Cui.
Wu Liu from Qinglong Camp?
Yes, I am.
What brings you here, Brigade Commander Cui?
I heard that a swordsman robbed a merchant nearby.
So I came to see
if there's something wrong with the swordsman
or a businessman?
Okay.
We won't disturb Brigade Commander Cui
with Brigade Commander Cui.
Goodbye.
Mr. Wu, you've asked about me.
I have to ask you.
What are you doing?
I saw many swordsmen along the way.
Your men?
Yes, I did.
What is it?
I’m really sorry.
Our boss said
it’s hard to distinguish enemies from enemies.
I only care about the right thing.
As for why,
you can go to Qinglong Fortress
and ask our boss.
You...
In that case,
Captain Joo. Yes.
Pass my order.
Transfer a team
to the airport.
When you see the swordsmen,
take good care of them.
As long as they don't kill or set fire,
and stand guard for them,
to protect them.
Yes.
Thank you, Brigade Commander Cui.
Let's go.
Although Wu Qiusheng is loyal,
he's a straightforward person.
I'm afraid he'll be used.
I can go to Black Tiger Mountain.
But I don't know
the rules of swordsmen.
Originally,
I wanted Eagle to help you.
But she...
Dad, I'm fine.
No, you haven't recovered yet.
But...
Madam,
I have a suitable candidate.
Fly on the boat.
What do you think?
He's a member of the army.
Can you cooperate?
Heihu Mountain is close to the airport.
I think it's over there.
The most is to protect the airport with Choi Moon-Kui.
If the plane is flying,
it won't be troublesome,
I'm afraid it'll be more convenient.
Since you've made up your mind,
then pack up.
Let's get ready.
How much are you worth?
What do I need you for?
What's the use of you?
What's the use? What's the use of you?
Mr. Li.
What are you doing here?
Let me out!
I've had enough here.
I'm here today
to give you a chance to see the day again.
Give me a chance?
What do you want me to do?
Murder, arson, sowing discord.
I quit.
I won't do anything.
Either you kill me
or let me go.
Go!
Can you walk out of the county?
I have nothing.
I'm not afraid of anything.
What are you doing?
We'll die anyway.
Since you know
there's no turning back,
Why don't you take the right path?
The road in front of you
Is this a road?
What is this?
I'm a dog.
A dog barking.
To the Imperial Army,
you are more useful than a dog.
But you're not as obedient as a dog.
Find a way to get his body out.
I'm still useful.
I'll do it tonight.
Major.
Didn't you say that Li Gang was still useful?
How did you kill him?
Because death is more useful than living.
I'll go to Black Tiger Mountain this time.
You stay at the base to recuperate.
Don't run around.
Why can you go down the mountain when you're hurt?
If I'm injured, I can't go to Black Tiger Mountain with you.
I've almost recovered.
Look.
You're as strong as a cow.
Besides, you're a girl.
This kind of thing
should be done by men.
I knew I would never win.
But you have to promise me
When you go to Black Tiger Mountain,
You must be careful.
I promise you.
Son, what are you doing here?
Why does that man surnamed Tian
always come to our house?
No, that Tian
is a distant relative of our family.
My family is in trouble.
Come to our house for a while.
Stop asking and go back to your room.
He doesn't look like a good person.
Shut up!
If you keep talking nonsense,
I'll send you back to your hometown.
Go back to your room and study.
Madam,
Do you have anything else to say?
Go to Black Tiger Mountain.
No matter who you meet on the road,
just do what I told you to do.
Okay.
You know what to do.
Got it.
Don’t worry.
Get on the horse.
Have a safe trip.
Actor table.
Zhang Wen.
and actors.
Su Tianhui Yang Wanlin Zhao Dongliang Chen Yile Wang Lusheng
Sun Zhaoqi, Li Sheng, Yang Haoyu, Zhou Chaoyang.
to perform.
Liu, Tong, Wang Jin, Liu Jiawen, Sun, Jin. Wang Yukun.
Liu Mingjun, Zhang Lianglin.
Shou Chen Yao, jungle competition.
Wu Jinxing, Feng Yonghao, Wei, Long, Deng Baoquan
Guan Chirui, Zhang Keer, Yang Junjie, Cui Yu.
Staff Form.
Staff table.
Director team.
The production team.
Zhang Jiqun.
Photography team.
Wang Peng.
Lighting Team.
The clothing team.
Wang Jin-sung.
The dressing team.
Art team.
Props team.
Wu Weiguo.
Set team.
Action team.
Fireworks.
The gun team.
The recording team.
The venue team.
Driver team.
Wei Zidian, Qiao Chunsheng, Yang, Tao, Chen Jianfen Kang Jiping.
Li Zhenmin, Dou Xingbin, Wei Ran Jia, Zong Changshun Rong Xi.
Zhang Chenggui, Su Mingxin, Liu Hongxing, Di Yuping Xu Guanglle.
Chen Jianqi, Zhang Kunwu, Jin, Zhang Rong Li Zhang, Chang.
Jianqi, Zhang Kunwu, Jin, Zhang Rong Li. Zhang Changchang.
Xu Ian, Zhang Shou Qiang, Yang Yijiang
Ge Wenlong, Song Yongqiang, Wang Daxiong, Yang Ziguang Zhang Jianping.
Yang Shuli, Chen Yongsheng, Liu Junfeng, Liu Fu Min
Cut.
Wei Meng Meng.
Wu Xiaobo.
behind the scenes, Shin Bae-jin.
[Late production]
ZMCG.
Beijing Zhuma Chenguang Culture Co., Ltd.
dubber
Music production.
Theme song, Hero.
Tang Tiantian.
Data Management Chen Chenyue
Wang Chenyang.
Thank you, Mr. Wang Xiao, for the title of this drama.
Thank you.
Shandong Blumund Red Film Club. [National 4A Scene Area]
Henan Juntong Car Co., Ltd.
Jintang Jun Kin.
Shanzhou District Public Government
Shanzhou District Civil Government
People of Xizhang Village, Shanzhou
The Jade Association of Shanzhou District
Shanzhou District, Temple, Village Scenic Area.
The West Car Villager Committee of Lingbao City
The West Car Committee of Lingbao City
The original store town of Shanzhou.
Jiangzhou City, Zhou Jiajun Co., Ltd.
legal consultant service unit.
Henan Lu Da Law Firm.
Special cooperation unit.
There are three Municipal Committee in total.
The People's Government
There are three branches in total.
The PR Department of Municipal Committee
The People's Government of Shanzhou District
Zhongtong Municipal County Commission.
Henan Henan Yunyang Liquor Co., Ltd.
The People's Government of Laji County.
Sanmen Hua City Swan Lake Wetland Park.
Yang Tingxuan.
The guidance unit.
Learning to strengthen our country.
The circulation unit.
Qijin (Xiamen) Cultural Media Co., Ltd.
Control unit.
Henan Sandao Movie Development Co., Ltd.
Jiangjiang Dongyang Mai Jiang Culture Co., Ltd.
[Joint filming unit]
The PR Department of Gansu Provincial Committee
Henan Provincial Radio Station.
Henan Provincial Literature and Arts Association.
Henan Provincial Film Association.
Henan Film and TV Production Group is limited.
Qijin (Xiamen) Cultural Media Co., Ltd.
Gansu Lanyi Culture Co., Ltd.
Beijing Times, Yishi Cultural Technology Co., Ltd.
Hebei Army Cultural Media Co., Ltd.
Product unit.
Henan Elephant Film Production Co., Ltd.
[Qianzhou Cultural Development Co., Ltd.]
Qijin (Quanzhou) Cultural Media Co., Ltd.
First reward Zhang Bing.
Reward Zhang Bing first.
Reward him first.